---
layout: article
title:  "Kwaku Anansi"
categories: projects
excerpt: "Action-Platformer"
modified: 2018-06-01T16:28:57-04:00
image:
  feature: posts/projects/kwaku_anansi/anansi_cover.png
  teaser: posts/projects/kwaku_anansi/anansi_teaser.png
---

**Role:** Character Animation and Tech Artist

**Tools:** Maya, Unreal Engine 4

**Contributions:** Created a scripting tool with MEL to streamline rigging process for the main character and subsequent characters. Created locomotion system for the main character which allows for seamless movement in all direction both in walking and running mode. Created multiple animation which allows for interaction with bow and melee weapon which are socketed on the character.

**About:** Kwaku Anansi is an action platformer that takes place in an ancient African village, in a world where stories do not exist. This game follows Anansi, a spider-like spiritual entity, who fights to save the village from an impending invasion; one of many trials in his quest to earn the ability to weave stories he can then share with the world.

The game is based on an Akan folktale, centered around a young deity with spider-like abilities. Anansi is called upon by Nyame the Sky God to protect a village from an evil tribe.

Kwaku Anansi used more advanced locomotion system, which included separate animation for each direction that character can move relatively to the camera. The running blending used 4 unique animations, while running required 8 clips in order to achieve more realistic blend between directions and poses.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/CNkYE3PHh3c" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

**Trailer:**

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/334234739" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen" allowfullscreen></iframe>

**itch.io link:** <a href="https://hightideinteractive.itch.io/kwaku-anansi">Kwaku Anansi</a>


