---
layout: article
title:  "Djinni & Thaco: Trial By Spire"
categories: projects
excerpt: "Winter 2020"
modified: 2020-06-01T16:28:57-04:00
image:
  teaser: posts/projects/reaver/reaver_teaser1.png
  feature: posts/projects/reaver/reaver_banner1.png
---

{% include tiles-big.html
    image="/images/posts/projects/reaver/reaver_logo.png"
    content="
**Role:** Character Animator

**Tools:** MotionBuilder, Maya, Unreal Engine 4
             
**Contributions:** Animations for main character (Reaver); Finisher-type animations and interaction between two characters; Design and creation of rigs for all in-game characters.

**About:** Third Person Action Game. Reaver takes place in a cyberpunk world in the distant future. It draws heavy inspiration from the cyberpunk genre of media, urban and industrial environments, modern and future technology. It is a violent world, that maintains a peaceful, orderly facade on the surface. The deeper one goes the further the facade pulls back.
"
%}

The corporations have taken over the world of Reaver. When they’re not busy fighting amongst each other, they’re dealing with augmented gangs. These gangs make up for their lack of resources with ingenuity, numbers, and a fanatical dedication to their cause, profits, or just getting the shiniest new toys.

Reaver focuses on the conflict between Steiger Consolidated Arms, the biggest weapons manufacturer in the nation, and the Yellow Skulls gang. These two forces face off against each other, fighting for control of the SCA weapons manufacturing facility.
A gang as violent and psychotic as the Yellow Skulls poses a grave threat to Blackridge City on a good day. With access to the SCA’s weapons, they pose a threat to the world.

**Trailer:**

<iframe src="https://player.vimeo.com/video/334234751" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; fullscreen" allowfullscreen></iframe>

